RT-1.32: BGP policy actions - MED, LocPref, prepend, flow-control (#2616)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/bgp/policybase/otg_tests/actions-MED_LocPref_prepend_flow-control/README.md

# RT-1.32: BGP policy actions - MED, LocPref, prepend, flow-control

## Summary

- Verify abilty to set MED to fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to increment MED by fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to set Local Preference to fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to prepend AS path with 10 additional repetitions of local ASN in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to prepend AS path with 10 additional repetitions of configured ASN in export and import policy
- verify ```NEXT-STATEMENT``` flow-control action
- Applicable to both IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors

## Testbed type

*   https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/main/topologies/atedut_2.testbed

## Procedure

> 

Author: I do not know if this is safe, as it impacts interface configuration. Hence can effectivly remove management access.

Instead I add above instruction under each tets, when configuration modifies only policy tree.

*   Configure IPv4/IPv6 addresses on the ports
*   Create an IPv4 networks i.e. ```ipv4-network-1 = 192.168.10.0/24``` attached to ATE port-1
*   Create an IPv6 networks i.e. ```ipv6-network-1 = 2024:db8:128:128::/64``` attached to ATE port-1
*   Create an IPv4 networks i.e. ```ipv4-network-2 = 192.168.20.0/24``` attached to ATE port-2
*   Create an IPv6 networks i.e. ```ipv6-network-2 = 2024:db8:64:64::/64``` attached to ATE port-2
*   Configure IPv4 and IPv6 iBGP between DUT Port-1 and ATE Port-1
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/global/config
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/global/afi-safis/afi-safi/config/
    *   Advertise ```ipv4-network-1 = 192.168.10.0/24``` and ```ipv6-network-1 = 2024:db8:128:128::/64``` from ATE to DUT over the IPv4 and IPv6 eBGP session on port-1 with:
        * MED = 50
        * Local Preference = 50
*   Configure IPv4 and IPv6 eBGP between DUT Port-2 and ATE Port-2
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/global/config
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/global/afi-safis/afi-safi/config/

>     *   Advertise ```ipv4-network-2 = 192.168.20.0/24``` and ```ipv6-network-2 = 2024:db8:64:64::/64``` from ATE to DUT over the IPv4 and IPv6 eBGP session on port-2 with:
>         * MED = 50
>         * Local Preference = 50

Reviewer: I suggest clarifying that the ATE is setting these BGP attributes (vs. the DUT which is what is done in the tests below).

```suggestion
    *   Advertise ```ipv4-network-2 = 192.168.20.0/24``` and ```ipv6-network-2 = 2024:db8:64:64::/64``` from ATE to DUT over the IPv4 and IPv6 eBGP session on port-2.  The ATE should advertise both prefixes with:
        * MED = 50
        * Local Preference = 50
```

### RT-1.32.1 [TODO: https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/issues/2615]
#### IPv4, IPv6 iBGP set MED
---
##### Configure a route-policy to set MED
*   Configure an route-policy definition with the name ```med-policy```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set MED as ```100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-med
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-1

> *   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Set default import and export policy to `REJECT_ROUTE`.   (Note: even though this is the OC default, the DUT should still accept this configuration)

```

    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply policy as import and export as a chain/list ```[med-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `policy-definition["med-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
```

##### Configure  default policies for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-2
*   Set default import and export policy to ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy
##### Verification
*   Verify that policies are successfully applied to the DUT BGP neighbor on ATE Port-1 and default policies are set to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Verify that there is no policies applied to the DUT BGP neighbor on ATE Port-2 and default policies are set to ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Verify that there are no policies applied to the DUT BGP neighbor on ATE Port-2 and default policies are set to ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
```

    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set MED as ```100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-med
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-2
*   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply policy as import and export as a chain/list ```[med-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `policy-definition["med-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
```

    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set MED as ```+100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-med
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-1
*   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply policy as import and export as a chain/list ```[med-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `policy-definition["med-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
* ```

    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```med-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set MED as ```+100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-med
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-2
*   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply policy as import and export as a chain/list ```[med-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `policy-definition["med-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
```

    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set Local Preference as ```100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-local-pref
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-1
*   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply as import and export only policy - ```[lp-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add `policy-definition["lp-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
```

    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```lp-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set Local Preference as ```100```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/set-local-pref
##### Configure  bgp import and export policy for the DUT IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors on ATE Port-2
*   Set default import and export policy to ```REJECT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy

> *   Apply as import and export only policy - ```[lp-policy]```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*    Add `policy-definition["lp-policy"]` to import-policy and export-policy leaf-lists.
```

*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has LocPref == 100
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has LocPref == 100

### RT-1.32.7 [TODO: https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/issues/2615]
#### IPv4, IPv6 iBGP prepend 10 x local ASN
---
##### Configure a route-policy to prepend 10
*   Configure an route-policy definition with the name ```prepend-policy```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` prepend as-path with local ASN  ```10``` times

>     *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repead-n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repeat-n
```

*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other equal to DUT's ASN.

### RT-1.32.8 [TODO: https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/issues/2615]
#### IPv4, IPv6 eBGP prepend 10 x local ASN
---
##### Configure a route-policy to prepend 10
*   Configure an route-policy definition with the name ```prepend-policy```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` prepend as-path with local ASN  ```10``` times

>     *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repead-n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repeat-n
```

*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other equal to DUT's ASN.

### RT-1.32.9 [TODO: https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/issues/2615]
#### IPv4, IPv6 iBGP prepend 10 x ASN
---
##### Configure a route-policy to prepend 10
*   Configure an route-policy definition with the name ```prepend-policy```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` configure a statement with the name ```match-statement-1```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` set policy-result as ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   For routing-policy ```prepend-policy``` statement ```match-statement-1``` prepend as-path with ```23456``` ASN  ```10``` times

>     *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repead-n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/set-as-path-prepend/config/repeat-n
```

    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy
*   Verify that there is no policies applied to the DUT BGP neighbor on ATE Port-2 and default policies are set to ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy
#### Validate test results

> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equial to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equial to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equal to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equal to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equal to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equal to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
```

    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy
*   Verify that there is no policies applied to the DUT BGP neighbor on ATE Port-1 and default policies are set to ```ACCEPT_ROUTE```
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-import-policy
    *   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/config/default-export-policy
#### Validate test results

> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equial to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equial to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
> *   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equial to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equal to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-1```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-2 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First 10 equal to ```23456``` and last equal to DUT's ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv4-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equal to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
*   Validate that the ATE receives the prefix ```ipv6-network-2```  from DUT neighbor on ATE Port-1 and it has 11 ASN on as-path. First equal to ATE port-2 ASN and other 10 equal to ```23456``` ASN.
```

*   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/config/med
*   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/prepend/config/asn
*   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/bgp-actions/prepend/config/repead-n
*   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/actions/config/policy-result
*   /routing-policy/policy-definitions/policy-definition/statements/statement/config/name

## Telemetry parameter coverage

*   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/import-policy
*   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/export-policy
*   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/default-import-policy
*   /network-instances/network-instance/protocols/protocol/bgp/neighbors/neighbor/afi-safis/afi-safi/apply-policy/state/default-export-policy

## Protocol/RPC Parameter Coverage

* gNMI

>   * Get
>   * Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Subscribe (ONCE)
  * Set (REPLACE)
```

# RT-1.32: BGP policy actions - MED, LocPref, prepend, flow-control

## Summary

- Verify abilty to set MED to fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to increment MED by fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to set Local Preference to fixed value in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to prepend AS path with 10 additional repetitions of local ASN in export and import policy
- Verify abilty to prepend AS path with 10 additional repetitions of configured ASN in export and import policy
- verify ```NEXT-STATEMENT``` flow-control action
- Applicable to both IPv4 and IPv6 BGP neighbors

## Testbed type

*   https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/main/topologies/atedut_2.testbed

## Procedure
### Applying configuration

For each section of configuration below, prepare a gnmi.SetBatch  with all the configuration items appended to one SetBatch.  Then apply the configuration to the DUT in one gnmi.Set using the `replace` option.

> > WARNING: Ensure that replacement do not remove pre-existing configuration objects necessary for DUT manage,ent access and base operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: Replace operations should be performed at an appropriate level in the config tree to ensure that preexisting configuration objects necessary for DUT management access and base operation are not removed.
```
